the Smeralda restaurant as a special
Scapa dinner menu using authentic dishes
from scapa's open it is owned and run by
rents of the land Ella with the help of
his son Adriana I asked for n so if he
had to experiment a lot with his kappa
dishes places like a chair a separate
row for the draaga name I want to bring
us copy back to life by cooking his food
and I'm going to start with one of these
recipes called Rizzo a la Lombardo and
Renzo who makes the search for its
wrestle with keep an eye on me and we
start with a layer of rice on top of the
rice we had some chicken livers there
have been lightly sauteed and some
chicken breast that has been boiled in
stock no surprises so far but now the
unmistakable signature of Bartholomew's
Cappy spices plenty of cinnamon it'll
get often all sweated enter sympathy
knows my mom not only Mortimer all know
Chalmers had no so we put clove in it
flavor some pepper and sugar politically
you will wonder that in a risotto is
having sugar but we are very gentle the
food prepared in skeptics kitchen can
seem quite familiar but the most
significant difference is where the
amount of spices used and the amount of
sugar that went into everything they are
just over a thousand recipes in his book
900 of which list sugar as an ingredient
now we go on building up the layers
until we have used up all the
ingredients another Lieb is a pinch of
cinnamon and now it goes into the oven
gratz it rents OS Columba d rise many
times but I want to try his Cappy dish
that neither of us
maybe four I chose this recipe which is
very much near to my heart it is
perforate torta de funghi Frisky first
to make it thought of fresh wild
mushrooms
we have renzo here than he could have
very early this morning - when pick wild
mushrooms so there are certain laws in
Italy that you have to obey
well alleged and assetid in martino
casey ferrand are a phenol SI de xira
hey Tara Keely persona as well as the
fantastic funghi porcini we have some
lovely fresh oyster mushrooms and to add
some color some chanterelle and now we
call Adriana Adriana Adriana is the son
of Renzo the full section of scapa's
Opera is advised on running a kitchen
for its disciple Giovanni
so today adriana is our Giovanni and he
is going to saute our mushrooms classic
meanwhile Renzo and I make a puff pastry
case to put them in and now the filling
in a little olive oil we will add some
spinach lid on then we had lots of other
delicious things asparagus tips raisins
chopped walnuts the pre saute mushrooms
a little bread crumbs the unmissable
sugar cinnamon naturally when reasons
happy is so keen on sugar and spices is
that they were very expensive at the
time so serving sweet spicy food was a
great way to show off this was bling
cookery for the wealthy and powerful
this would be a delightful dish for
vegetarian I always have been a didn't
mind somehow I don't know why and we
fill the case of Midnapore yeah yeah but
we can do it wonderful and we give this
to the children to play with I am pretty
sure this is fit for a cardinal even
by Pope for certain will be for me I
shouldn't forget the drain so as a
restaurant to run but I'll good time for
a quick espresso and here they are
well 10 out of 10 for appearance coming
Charma with Yemen PO
we will see what's happened here it's a
little dry a button but it's very
straight taste good on page one oh yeah
the strange taste immediate find out
that the clove is very intensive a
little bit of a savory right spot now we
try the torta be funky why not model one
that we that's very good this one would
be for immediate use with our modern
cases it's incredible that 500 years ago
Scapa already had that the principle of
taste together this one fantastic very
emphatically chilling that we have done
excellently